hi everyone this is Cece and today we're
going to make the perfect wrong when it
comes to wrong somehow it reminds me of
my midnight snacks so you know whatever
there's a really Landry stomachs really
hungry I have nothing to eat I'm like it
what should I make for myself I would
make myself a bowl of ramen and I will
finish the whole bowl including the
really salty soup and the next morning
when I wake up my whole face is really
swollen
kinda like today so why did it go into
ride ride chat we're going to make a
really perfect bowl of noodle hopefully
you don't eat them in a midnight all
right let's start to make sure you're
done a quarter have a soy sauce sugar 1
tbsp sake is about 2 tbsp rice wine
about also 2 tablespoons 1/2 tablespoon
of ground ginger also about 1/2 spoon of
ground garlic that's right the bonito
flakes we can buy bonito fish we can buy
this in any Japanese supermarket yeah Oh
pieces of seaweed throw it all end
after ten minutes about 10-15 minutes
and oiling the star this is how it looks
like pork belly you have to see it out
you had to cut out a skin and then you
roll it yeah
6 tbsp oil
Valley
whatever I feel like spice
that's beautiful bone to chicken bone
and she told us on the CV some pieces of
the dried bonito fish one tablespoon of
the right three dry the scalp and slice
the ginger and the chicken feet three
pieces like a tooth photo water
ramen supermarket yeah you do a little
bit of massage just should make them
wake up you know like this is what you
do with me you do with new dough is you
do it with everything
kind of fun to do it like molasses and
we're going to talk about massaging
chicken this is what you do with sagging
and kudos yes that's Krypton we just
drop it in here and that makes it easy
for about two minutes this is like the
biggest chopstick I have ever seen like
so strong
it's gonna add the broth
with three tablespoons at the soy sauce
soy hurry that we did earlier adding it
into the bowl
just making it nice and neat
how many pieces tonight can I be more
cherished okay perfect and there goes
but all the hard work that we did is
solely for this perfect for homeless
okay everyone I just want to let you
know that if you feel like my recipes
not completed that's not true because
going to be down in the box below all
the description of detail ingredients
and stretches going to be down here so
make sure to check it out his recipe and
see how it goes
I'm really good the new dough is cooked
out perfect because we massage their
remember facts
everybody loves strong Gracie I'm ready
okay